Preserve global context with `clock` methods (`setTimeout`/`clearTimeout`) (#1704)
davidkpiano/xstate: .changeset/tall-apes-tickle.md

---
'xstate': patch
---

> @blimmer Bind `clock` methods to `global` `thisArg`. Fixes #1703.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `clock` methods (`setTimeout`, `clearTimeout`) are now properly bound to the `global` scope internally (fixes #1703)
```

> The `clock` methods (`setTimeout`, `clearTimeout`) are now properly bound to the `global` scope internally (fixes #1703)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The default `clock` methods (`setTimeout` and `clearTimeout`) are now invoked properly with the global context preserved for those invocations which matter for some JS environments. More details can be found in the corresponding issue: [#1703](https://github.com/davidkpiano/xstate/issues/1703).
```
